So the first exercise that isn't
involved with installing Go,
is going to be kind of
explore the documentation.
So I'm gonna navigate over to Exercise
#1A, that markdown which is in the one
setup directory, and talk to you how the
exercise files are going to be structured.
When you're looking at the repository, all
of the directories on the left hand side
there are going to be structured
the same as the slide deck and
kind of what we're talking
about throughout the day.
So the way the exercise files
are structured at the top,
it'll be the title of what we're
trying to do for this exercise.
The goals of what the exercise
should accomplish.
Any setup information you
may need to know, and
then the actual directions
to the exercise itself.
So for this one, we're just gonna kind of
explore the documentation a little bit
further, and
find answers to the following questions.
The first one is about reading some for
loop documentation in
the Effective Go document.
And answering the question,
what kind of for loop doesn't exist in Go?
The next is to read about the font package
and what does font print line return?
And then third is to find a blog post
about the recent release of Go 1.13, and
list some of the new features that
are involved with the new Go release.
All right, so coming back together to talk
about what we found in the documentation.
When you read about for
loops in the Effective Go document,
what loop doesn't exist in go?
>> [INAUDIBLE]
>> Do while.
Yeah.
And then in a thumped package,
what does thumped up print line return?
>> It returns an integer and an error.
>> An integer of what?
>> Number of bytes written and
any write error encountered.
>> Any write error encountered.
And as we talk about errors and kind
of what some of these functions return,
that's something to keep in mind.
So for me,
if I'm thinking like console.log,
if that were to return something,
I would expect it to return a string.
And in this case, even though we're
printing to like standard output,
we're not returning a string we're
returning a number of bytes and an error.
So kinda keep that in mind as we
keep going through the workshop.
And then when you're
looking at the blog post,
does anyone have any comments on
exciting stuff coming out in 1.13/2.0?
[LAUGH]
>> Checksum database.
>> Checksum database, yeah.
Some cool stuff around errors.